this is also hard to believe all is not
well in the White House right now you
know the president and his minions have
been telling everyone who listen that
the allegations that have now evolved
into an impeachment inquiry are based on
hearsay well surprise surprise it turns
out that is not the case at all and the
reason we know that is because yesterday
the Inspector General of the
intelligence community also knows the IC
IG this is a man who was appointed by
Donald Trump
the inspector put out a statement
debunking many of the president's claims
including his big one that the
whistleblower was citing second and
third-hand information to that the
inspector wrote the complainant had
direct knowledge of certain alleged
conduct and that the complainant has
subject matter expertise related to much
of the material information provided and
as far as Trump saying almost everything
the whistleblower said is wrong the he
said the IC IG reviewed the information
provided as well as other information
gathered and determined that the
complaint was both urgent and that it
appeared credible so it was urgent and
basically the IG gave the president a
nephew is what happened so the inspector
specifically says Trump and his
supporters are wrong the whistleblower
had first-hand information that is
credible and urgent and now in a normal
situation that would be the end of that
they would stop making this claim of
hearsay but in this case we apply the
fundamental theory on which the Trump
presidency is based the theory of
inverse validity which states that
things that are true are false and it
works for example what if and instead of
having
[Applause]
it's stead of having to worry about
climate change we could just say it
isn't happening the weather is fine or
if the special counsel specifically said
he did not exonerate you what do you say
to that it was a complete and total
exoneration right amazing and that's not
all
because the theory of inverse validity
also means that things that are false
are true so the it works in any scenario
let's say you need your inauguration
crowd to be bigger than it was or a
hurricane to hit Alabama or to not have
paid off a pornstar you definitely paid
off
just do what suddenly bacon is health
food
Batman is real and Fox News's news it
really isn't it because this old
outdated theory that two truths
now add up to one false and that's why
team Trump will keep saying the
complaint is based on hearsay and that's
true it is hearsay and here's the guy
who did the same right there Donald
Jessica Trump
now that we know the whistleblower had
direct knowledge that likely means he
was listening to the call the question
is who is the whistleblower the
president is desperate to find that out
so he can then commit even more crimes
but I know how difficult could it be to
find the guy it had to be someone who
heard the call had to be someone with
knowledge of phone technology someone
maybe who has a history of disloyalty
which to me adds up to this guy someone
check him for a whistle right now and
just when he thought this situation in
the Ukraine couldn't get any weirder the
president of Ukraine met with none other
than Tom Cruise that's right that's
visited the president of Ukraine
yesterday which wasn't that the plot I
love at least three of the six Mission
Impossible movie so now Trump is facing
a witch-hunt and an Ethan hunt on top of
that and while this caldron full of
poison is burbling while the rats are
jumpin ship leave it to Sarah Huckabee
sound words Sanders to nicely sandwich
there's a mistake okay
save your tweets but leave it to Sarah
Huckabee Sanders to emerge from her cave
to put it all in perspective for us the
real scandal here is all of the use of
the vice president's office that Joe
Biden took part in helping enrich his
family that's the scandal president
Trump shouldn't be getting impeached he
should be getting celebrated for
actually draining the swamp right she's
still got it folks he's still got it me
wah-wah one beloved former BS artist is
back supporting the president where in
the world is Sean Spicer
John revolta there and Sean Spicer
survived another we've got to answer to
the stars the way things are shaping up
I think I think show Spikers Pfizer is
gonna be on Dancing with the Stars
longer than Trump will be in the White
House the president has been keeping
busy on Twitter lately but that's about
all he's doing otherwise he's just
tweeting he first of all he inexplicably
congratulated China on the seventh 70th
anniversary of its communist regime
which is like wishing Bill Cosby a happy
National Coffee Day and he's been
retweeting viral videos I looked at was
scheduled today look at this this is
really this is a schedule he's
completely free until 2:00 p.m. he had
an intelligence briefing at 2:00 and
then nothing until 4:00 and he met with
the Secretary of Defense and that's it
terrible you have a busier schedule than
that's right give me yes this morning
Trump tweeted this map is totally
inaccurate map that says try to impeach
this so I guess someone got hold of a
red sharpie - he did stuff like this a
lot and I want to know more about all
this nutty stuff he post where does he
find words that come from so he somehow
managed to get in touch with the guy who
makes all the memes for the president's
Twitter account
he's the social media director for the
White House his name is Bert pret Sein
mr. pret see thank you for joining us
[Applause]
oh no trouble at all I was just
finishing up this beauty uh-huh it says
Biden and Butthead Oh dinner yeah I love
it that old that is funny stuff
but so how did you get this job in the
first place how did I get this job I got
it the same way they give out most
social media jobs they hire the youngest
person in the office you are the
youngest person in the office only by
ten months but what can I say I'm a meme
machine yeah check this one out
uh-huh myth happens do you get it yeah I
do get it yeah it's because MIT rhymes
with a different right right yes I know
it's like Trump gets an idea for a meme
and then you make it for them or what
that's right here's one we just
collaborated and oh okay it's Rudy
Giuliani and says insane in the Ukraine
I love that song do you remember it
Cypress Hill is so ill Rudy Giuliani on
your side you would think that you
brainwashed Hollyweird trash baby this
one has already been saved by Lindsey
Graham and Ted Nugent okay all right
yeah that's a big deal so you don't
think it's wrong for the president to
use his platform for childish jokes like
this of course not I think it's great we
use humorous images to communicate
complex political issues to the masses I
guess that makes sense I guess that like
this one huh of Hillary Clinton's face
in a cat's butt she hid the emails in
their eye
[Applause]
if you like that video then put a ring
on it click the subscribe button below
Oh